Update AAD baseline to include PIM for Groups (#815)
cisagov/ScubaGear: baselines/aad.md

### Implementation

The following implementation instructions that reference the Azure AD PIM service will vary if using a third-party PAM system instead. 

Many of the manual steps described per the instructions in this section are labor intensive. We recommend running the ScubaGear tool instead.

#### MS.AAD.7.1v1 Instructions

> When performing these instructions count each distinct username only once. Do not double count. Once you finish counting go to the **Final Count** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing these instructions count each distinct username only once. Be careful not to double count users listed as both Eligible and Active. Once you finish counting go to the **Final Count** section.
```
